hey guys welcome back to the channel so
recently i've watched the forest and
usually people in horror movies don't
make great decisions and that's
typically what we break down here but
the forest so far has got to be the
front runner the record setter for worse
decisions that i've seen in a horror
film in quite a while i don't think the
movie itself is that bad it can be fun
if you're in the mood for a jump scare
fest but in this video we'll break down
the story some of the worst decisions
made and other strange things that stood
out to me the movie starts with our
protagonist sarah as she wakes up from
what appears to be a nightmare she then
flies to japan sensing that her sister
jess who goes to school there is in
trouble that's right she can just kind
of feel it and that's why she goes there
her husband tells her that jess is most
likely fine so she shouldn't go so
abruptly but she leaves anyway and once
she lands sarah gets a call that her
twin sister went missing in the
aokikagara forest most of you might know
it as the suicide forest the one where
logan paul filmed a dead body as sarah
arrives at her hotel she goes into a
room and does some research on her
computer and uh what the [ __ ] is this
tree.com that's a really specific search
engine so this website says that it can
find specific trees but when she
searches for the aokigagara forest the
only results are like pictures of skulls
and gloves yeah i mean just look at this
tree and this tree and you can't forget
about this tree what's the point of the
search engine it doesn't even work just
use google and if this is a tree search
engine why would there be options like
signs ropes and ghosts how will any of
that help you find a tree anyway nobody
cares about tree.com i know i just
thought i'd mention this so she looks
through the website and it looks pretty
spooky later that night she falls asleep
and has a nightmare this brings me to an
important point there are quite a few
scenes that are so dark that it's almost
impossible to tell what's going on i
have nothing against scenes of people
walking around in the dark but i think
there should be at least some light so i
can see what's happening without
boosting my brightness all the way to
the max in this nightmare sarah goes
into a basement and sees a tent when she
opens it she sees a younger version of
her sister jess she then transforms into
this
thing what i found pretty weird is this
gear goes on for about two full seconds
yet the older sister doesn't even react
maybe she does this all the time who
knows the next day sarah goes into a
town near the aokigagara forest she
checks her phone and it has no reception
because horror movie while she's there
sarah talks to a couple of wise women
all of which warn her about the forest
that she shouldn't leave the path and
there might be angry or even evil
spirits in there so naturally sarah
plans on going in there all alone
luckily the night before she heads out
she meets a guy called aiden he's
basically king friend zone who always
tries hitting on her but it never works
i went to space camp while they're
drinking he offers to go with her
together with a local guide who knows
the forest pretty well
all alone
yeah
what
no
what no you'll get lost she accepts and
then tells him about her sister and this
weird telepathic twin bondit they have
they can allegedly hear a special sound
when the other one is in trouble and
that's why she came here that night at
the motel she walks through a creepy
hallway and sees a person in a corner
you guys probably can't see her but this
shapeless mask is supposed to be a
person after a few seconds it jumps out
at her and it's somebody's blind grandma
i don't really get this jump scare is
there any threat and where did that
reptile noise come from
what is she a pterodactyl do you guys
find old people scary i mean if you
think about it there is no way you can
escape a blind elderly person except for
you know like walking away at a moderate
pace when daytime comes around she
begins her trip into the forest now
sarah has this sack of supplies i don't
know what's in it but i can tell you one
thing it isn't anything useful it's not
food or weapons it might as well be 10
pounds of sand maybe there is some good
stuff in it but they never show it and
she never uses it she could stock it up
with various things you might need in a
forest but i don't think she does
shortly after they're inside the guy
tells her that many people experience
hallucinations of evil things so if she
sees something that's overly threatening
it's most likely not real and all in her
head eventually they do stumble upon
jess's campsite with the yellow tent the
guide says that it's great that they
found this but since she's not around
and they've been calling out for her
without a response it's lonely time to
head back it's only a short while from
sunset and they can't stay here at night
then the guide gives what is actually
pretty good advice leave a note or come
back tomorrow but sarah wants to stay
here all night if she has to while it is
a pretty bad decision this one is
somewhat understandable since she's
desperate to find her sister ayden then
informs the guy that he will stay too
because he cannot in good conscious
leave a woman here alone but the guide
knows the risks so he leaves and says
i'll come back for them as soon as he
can the next day at this exact location
staying here is probably aidan's worst
decision because he later admits that he
just wants to sleep with sarah but he
doesn't even know anything about her for
all he knows she could be a nazi or isis
or even worse she could have a boyfriend
and what are the odds she does
wow that was weird she does after the
sunset they start a fire and aiden gives
her one of his power bars so romantic
i'm just mentioning this because later
you'll see then aiden goes full white
knight and says that jess can sleep in
the tent alone tonight and he'll sleep
out by the fire because he's such a
gentleman and this is a really bad
choice i mean forget the ghosts do you
know what's in a forest at night there
are bats and mosquitoes and molesters i
i don't actually know what's in there
but he's really putting it all on the
line then in the middle of the night
sarah wakes up and sees a schoolgirl
walking around she chases her into the
woods and talks to her the stranger says
that she's seen jess and that sarah
shouldn't trust aiden then the girl
flees and disappears into the forest
while running after her sarah falls and
injures her hand quite badly the next
day the two leave the campsite before
the guide arrives in an attempt to exit
the forest and send a search party for
the young girl sarah saw but the guy did
tell them to stay right here and neither
one of them knows the forest that well
and the schoolgirl could be long gone by
now also aiden should consider the
possibility that it was just one of the
hallucinations that the guide warned
them about they then go across the woods
and end up walking by a river just looks
down and sees a man floating in it but
shortly after the river seems to change
the direction it flows on this is one of
the hallucinations as they were told
people that are very vulnerable tend to
see things that aren't really there then
sarah somehow gets it in her head that
aidan is trying to spin her around in
circles to confuse her and eventually
kill her she keeps saying that he has
met jess before but he doesn't know what
she's talking about so by now you can
probably guess what the twist is i
usually suck at predicting the plot
twist but this movie makes it pretty
clear the schoolgirl who sarah saw
earlier doesn't exist she was merely a
hallucination just like the river
switching the directions it was flowing
in and aiden is not trying to kill her
at all still sarah demands to see his
phone he gives it to her and she tries
erasing some audio recordings he took
somehow she ends up in the photo gallery
and sees a picture of jess thinking that
this is proof that aiden killed her she
tries running away from him this doesn't
really make a lot of sense sarah already
saw that she was experiencing
hallucinations not five minutes ago and
the guides said that they were really
common that's all this picture is and
aiden gives her his phone without a lot
of trouble why would he give it to her
if she can easily find some very
incriminating evidence on it if that
were the case he wouldn't just hand it
over and if he wanted to kill her he
could have done it by now so sarah runs
away into a more quiet part of the woods
as she's walking around the woods she
hears her sister's voice telling her to
turn around but it's only a bunch of
ghosts imitating jess and to my surprise
sarah completely ignores the voice yes
it's only her hallucinating but she
doesn't even know that and if she could
tell that it's an hallucination why
couldn't she tell it with the river or
with a picture of jess on aiden's phone
i thought the voices in her head and her
imagination are what made her come here
in the first place it's like a sound
that's too low to hear but i can just
feel it this woman is totally nuts i
mean you hear noises in your head and
that's what's guiding your life
decisions you don't need to go into a
forest you need to go to an asylum
you're crazy see a doctor and the kaino
doesn't count hears voices in her head
yeah i know some people who hear voices
in their head and they look like this so
she starts running again and falls into
a hole it turns out to be some sort of
cave sarah starts limping across the
floor and runs into the schoolgirl from
earlier they talk for a while and she
tells sarah that she knows where jess is
she just needs to follow her after going
down a dark hallway she sees that the
young girl turned into a ghost sarah
quickly runs back to the opening and
screams then aiden the uber simp who
still hasn't given up on their
impossible relationship comes over and
says okay i'll help you i wouldn't do it
she just accused him of murder and ran
off on her own but of course when it's
convenient for her she starts crying hey
naden please help me
no so the guy starts searching for a
rope to get her out and in the meantime
sarah sees a little toy camera you know
one of those things where you click and
it brings up a picture and for some
reason she starts playing with it what
is she doing first of all this thing is
completely obscuring her vision and she
saw that there's a ghost down here why
is it so important that she plays with a
toy now so she starts looking through it
and of course a ghost appears in it then
aidan comes over with a rope and pulls
her up when she's finally outside again
you won't believe what happens next okay
you probably will but it's still pretty
weird sarah admits that she's having
visions of things that aren't really
there michi was right the forest does
make you see things but then only
seconds later once again starts
insinuating that aidan is trying to kill
her until he finally hands over his
knife okay look if i save you from a
bunch of ghosts in a cave and then you
try telling me that i'm the bad guy
you're going back in the hole i would
pick her up fold her together like a
lawn chair and throw her back down there
then see how much she needs my help
anyway aiden really tries reassuring her
that he's trying to help her and they
eventually continue on their way not
long after sarah tells him that she'll
quickly wash her wounds in the nearby
river when she takes off the cloth wrap
she sees that there are a bunch of
maggots in her wound that are slowly
crawling down her arm so she tries
taking the giant rambo knife and is
about to cut them out luckily aidan
interrupts her and she sees that the
worms are gone the fact that she's come
this far in life and she didn't die by i
don't know bungee jumping without a cord
is kind of amazing the two of them
decide to go into a small cabin that
aiden found earlier on the floor sarah
sees a bunch of rappers of these same
power bars that aiden ate before and she
again starts thinking that aidan is
trying to kill her oh please not this
again i mean it could easily be a
hallucination trying to trick her like
all the times before also aiden said
that he was already here i found a place
that might have a radio it's a ranger
station it's not that far
so maybe he ate a couple of power bars
before what is that a big deal and even
if it's neither one of those things it
could just be some random rappers unless
of course aiden is the only person in
all of japan to eat snack bars so aiden
tries working a radio in the room but it
doesn't turn on yeah maybe because there
is no electricity in the entire house
then he asks for his knife back so he
can take the machine apart after giving
it back sarah goes towards the basement
door and hears her sister's voice again
the same voice she heard before she fell
in the hole so this time she trusts the
voice and talks to who she thinks is
jess the fake jest tells her that aidan
is trying to kill both of them as a
result of this hallucination she takes a
knife from the kitchen and plans to
attack aiden then the guy asks her if
she wants a snack since she must be
hungry sarah slowly walks up to him and
hones the knife to his throat she tells
him to let jess out of the basement
aiden grabs the knife to fight back but
sarah quickly stabs him which results in
his death her reasoning for killing him
is so whack sarah thinks well he tried
taking the knife so i had to kill him
yeah the reason he tried to grab you is
to defend himself because when he said
hey do you want some food your answer
was to run at him with a knife like
michael myers then she has another
hallucination and the basement door
opens by itself she walks into it and
sees a younger version of her sister she
grabs her and then sees something too
shocking oh my god it's a guy with too
much sunscreen suddenly we cut to the
real jest and it turns out that she is
alive she runs out of the forest towards
the search party that's looking for them
the group then exits the forest and it's
revealed that sarah accidentally died
because of her hallucinations once
they're outside jess says
oh sarah oh sarah what about aiden they
just forgot about him nobody cares about
him no we care we care he might be a sim
but he was a good guy that got killed by
this crazy girl because she was totally
looney toned so that was a look at the
forest check it out if you haven't at
least
at least it wasn't boring by the way on
the last video one of you guys wrote
do a how to beat
your acne
you [ __ ] why are you guys so mean to
me i've literally never done anything
anyway i hope you liked it let me know
in the comments if this type of video
worked for you i hope i see you guys in
the next one
bye guys